feat: :sparkles: helper `get_*()` for project IDs and directories (#251)
dp-next/registers2parquet: vignettes/fastreg.qmd

show_tree(sas_dir)
```

## Settings to correct paths

> Many of fastreg's functions depend on the correct locations to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of fastreg's functions depend on the locations of the
```

original SAS files and the eventual Parquet files. This applies to both
the conversion and writing functions, as well as to the reading

> functions. Through `options()` you can set these paths in our two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
original SAS files and the eventual Parquet files including
the conversion, writing, and reading
functions. Through `options()` you can set these paths in two
```

settings: `fastreg.project_rawdata_dir` and
`fastreg.project_workdata_dir`. You can set these `options()` at the top
of your R script or Quarto document, in your R Project's `.Rprofile`, or

> in your user-level `.Rprofile`. To add to the file, at the top, write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your user-level `.Rprofile`. To add to the file, at the top of an R script, write
```

> out (using a temporary directory here for these examples):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(using a temporary directory here for these examples):
```

```{r options}
options(
  # With a fake project ID.
  fastreg.project_rawdata_dir = fs::path_temp("rawdata/701010/"),
  fastreg.project_workdata_dir = fs::path_temp("workdata/701010/")
)
```

> Or, if you want to set those exact same options for the R Project's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to set those exact same options in the R Project's
```

> `.Rprofile`, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.Rprofile`, run the following line in your Console to open up the `.Rprofile` file for the project:
```

```{r options-project-profile}
#| filename: "Console"
#| eval: false
usethis::edit_r_profile("project")
```

> Which opens up the `.Rprofile` file for the project. You can then add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then add
```

> the same `options()` to that file and save it. The next time you open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same `options()` as shown in the R script example above to that file and save it. The next time you open
```

the project, those options will be set. Or, to set it for all of your R

> projects and sessions, you can set it globally in your user-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the project, those options will be set. 

If you want to set these options for all of your R
projects and sessions, you can add them globally in your user-level
```

> `.Rprofile`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.Rprofile`. To open the `.Rprofile`, run:
```
